The Rain
It's not that I'm going to blame you,
but the rain that started falling on August 21,
four years ago,
continued to fall until the sunset on the 29th.
The big
cover of the Sun Bear River was cut off from the bottom of a pine tree and
turned into a lake from Takatori to this Tosa-machi.
At that time, the parents of the village, the couple of the
Oozakayamanbeidu, went to the back of the mountain of the
Govodaishokokubunji, with their
eyes closed, and they were glad to have been
saved, but the village was flooded with
the rain, and the
villagers who had been
in the village were washed away to this Tosa-machi.
I was still in the dead end, and I was
lucky to have been saved, but the
village was flooded with the rain, and
the villagers who had been
in the village were washed away to this Tosa-machi.
I was lucky to have been saved, but the village
was flooded with the rain, and the villagers who had been
K...
Sir, allow me...
to carry you my stupid goods with the best treasure.
And I will then send you the Ple Wayค
If that is all my favor.
Working on the fees.
You lent to me,
so please, I'm happy.
I hate men.
If I could have a man, I'd say this.
If you'd open your mouth, I'd never say no.
Even if you don't draw from my hand,
I'll ask for a man to draw a portrait of me.
I'll hand it over to the village.
I'll let you marry a man.
You'll be making fun of me.
What's the secret of a man?
The End